In this video you're going to learn how to use mentions to get retweeted by influencers on Twitter.
This is an amazing strategy that can really take your whole Twitter game to the next level.
So what is it not mention.
Well just as a reminder an admonition is just when you tweet and you actually mentioned somebody in
the tweet so you can see that I am mentioning you to me here and they will then get a notification that
I have mentioned them in a tweet.
And so just to give you an example they will see in their notifications tab here that that I have mentioned
them.
Now the key thing is not just that they will see this in their notification.
The key thing is that you want a craft to tweet that they want to automatically retweet.
And I'll give you some examples of this from some students of mine.
And you can see here for example we have Bruno here.
He's mentioned Mina tweeze but he's also crafted a great tweet that I will want to retweet.
So now Don and collected my Google Adwords and Google Analytics certifications.
Thanks Don.
And Walsh.
And so I will automatically retweet that.
Why.
Because it makes me look good because here is essentially a mini testimonial that I can share with my
audience and that shows them that look if they take my courses like this guy they can get the results.
So if you can create a mini testimonial for an influencer and mention them well then there's a very
high chance they are going to retweet that.
You can even just say something like this one here.
Hi Deborah.
I just started your digital marketing classes hoping to get some few responses and pointers on this
journey with you.
So again I'll automatically retweet that I have because here's a student they've started they're excited
and that's essentially a mini testimonial that all want to read tweet straight out.
So here are another is another one.
Getting a lot of insights from the course.
You don't necessarily have a huge win or results in order to mention them and get retweeted.
Now the advantage for all of these guys here is that when I read tweet them I expose them to all of
my followers which helps really grow there again because more people are seeing their profile and that
is just a way to really increase your visibility on Twitter extremely quickly use influencers with big
following too.
To use this mentioned feature to get in front of that much bigger audience than you have yourself.
So this is a really way to scale your Twitter marketing efforts very quickly just by leveraging those
big influencer accounts and the way that you can get in front of those influencer followers.
It's just by tweeting out one of these kind of mini testimonials.
Now there's a ton of examples on my profile.
If you want to come and check this out.
And also if you want to tweet and just say hey I've started the course or I've got this result or that
result.
Well there's a very high chance that I'm going to read that.
So definitely try that out for yourself.
You can also do this for any influencers in your niche while you read their book.
You took their course you read their blog posts and it was really good or you got this out of it you
got that result.
There's just so many ways that you can use this.
I want to show you another way that you can use this at mansion's strategy not just to get retweeted
by influencers but also to get them to share your blog post or your web site.
So I use this strategy myself and I'll show you I got this a can type form to really share at blog posts
that I created.
You can see they have quite a lot of followers and much bigger account than mine.
And so what I said is I've been racking up unbelievable response rates.
They have a software that allows you to create forms similar to Google form.
57 percent compared to the competition and I shared a link to my blog post and I even referenced somebody
who is who's on the type form team.
So I caught the attention of that person as well not just the main type form of cancer that's another
strategy that you can do.
You could just look up LinkedIn who were the people who work in that company that might be the brand
manager or the social media manager and just mentioned them as well just to make sure that if you don't
get any read tweets on the main account that you can also then just reference somebody in the company
and social media manager say.
Cetera.
And so what they did I tweeted out them a couple of times.
It didn't work the first time but eventually they shared out my blog post how to use type form together.
Priceless feedback and e-mails by me and you can see that they tweeted that to all of their followers.
Now was really a post that I wrote on my web site but they shared it as an example of somebody who is
using their product and was getting results from it.
So again its a testimonial but it's kind of taking you to the next level and enables me not just to
grow my Twitter profile but also to get more Web site traffic from Twitter and from other bigger accounts.
So this app mention feature seems fairly simple but you can be very strategic about using it to get
a huge amount to read tweets from big influencer accounts and even get them to drive Web site traffic
to your site.
If you craft a blog post that makes them look good.
So go ahead and use these strategies for yourself right now or put them in your back pocket for later.